_pages/projects.markdown, before:

---
layout: collection
title: Projects
permalink: /projects/
author_profile: true
---

![image](/assets/images/graphicsdemo.png){: style="float: left; padding-right: 15px" width="60%"}

[**Graphics Demo**](https://github.com/simplerr/Graphics-Demo)
[![github](/assets/images/GitHub-Mark-18px.png)](https://github.com/simplerr/Graphics-Demo) \\
A small graphics demo showcasing my old DirectX 11 renderer. The scene contains a small terrain which you can modify the height
and texture of and you can also place objects on it. The rendering is simple but supports shadows and vertex skinning.
In the editor you can modify properties of lights/object. Here's a short [**YouTube**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OtyiMWQpZtg&ab_channel=AxelBlackert) demo.
{: style="font-size: 15px; padding-bottom: 25px" }

![image](/assets/images/theinvasion.png){: style="float: left; padding-right: 15px" width="60%"}

[**The Invasion**](https://github.com/simplerr/Project-Invasion)
[![github](/assets/images/GitHub-Mark-18px.png)](https://github.com/simplerr/Project-Invasion) \\
A single player FPS game where you face waves of enemies and the goal is to survice as many levels as possible.
The player has two spells he can use to improve the chances and must be cautious about not using too much ammunition.
The rendering is performed using DirectX 9.
{: style="font-size: 15px; padding-bottom: 25px" }

![image](/assets/images/ray_tracer_main.png){: style="float: left; padding-right: 15px" width="60%"}

[**GPU Raytracer**](https://github.com/simplerr/RayTracer)
[![github](/assets/images/GitHub-Mark-18px.png)](https://github.com/simplerr/RayTracer) \\
This was my project in the "TSBK07 Computer Graphics" course at Linköpings University. It is a GPU accelerated raytracer with reflections,
refractions and shadows implemented in a compute shader. It runs in real-time and you can move the spheres and lights in the scene around.
{: style="font-size: 15px; padding-bottom: 25px" }

![image](/assets/images/papagenophysics.png){: style="float: left; padding-right: 15px" width="60%"}

[**Papageno Physics**](https://github.com/simplerr/Papageno-Sandbox)
[![github](/assets/images/GitHub-Mark-18px.png)](https://github.com/simplerr/Papageno-Sandbox) \\
A small 2D physics sandbox where you can create and place boxes of different sizes and see how they interact.
From the start the goal was to create a game where the gameplay was based on physics but when realising physics was
hard the scope was reduced to only be a demo.
{: style="font-size: 15px; padding-bottom: 25px" }

![image](/assets/images/projectwarlock.png){: style="float: left; padding-right: 15px" width="60%"}

[**Project Warlock**](https://github.com/simplerr/Project-Warlock)
[![github](/assets/images/GitHub-Mark-18px.png)](https://github.com/simplerr/Project-Warlock) \\
This is an multiplayer game where you play in an arena with the goal to defeat the other players and remain the last man standing.
The arena shrinks by time and you can buy/upgrade spells to use against your opponents.
The game is using the same DirectX 11 renderar as the "Graphics Demo" project showcases.
{: style="font-size: 15px; padding-bottom: 25px" }

![image](/assets/images/simply2d.png){: style="float: left; padding-right: 15px" width="60%"}

[**Simply2D**](https://github.com/simplerr/Simply2D)
[![github](/assets/images/GitHub-Mark-18px.png)](https://github.com/simplerr/Simply2D) \\
This is the first game I made and it's an 2D platformer tuned to be hard and requiring precise movement in order to solve the levels.
The main feature is the editor where you can build your own custom maps by placing platforms, spikes, portals, enemies, doors etc. and modify their attributes.
Unfortunately creating levels was not as fun as making the editor so it only has 3 built in maps.
{: style="font-size: 14px; padding-bottom: 25px" }

![image](/assets/images/outofhairspray.png){: style="float: left; padding-right: 15px" width="60%"}

[**Out of Hairspray**](https://github.com/simplerr/)
[![github](/assets/images/GitHub-Mark-18px.png)](https://github.com/simplerr/) \\
You play as the famous Dr.B with the goal to collect as many girls as possible and not bumping into rivals. Use the hairspray that makes your hair look fluffy
to attract even more girls! This game was made as a joke to a friend and is the first game to feature my own art, as you might tell ;)
{: style="font-size: 15px; padding-bottom: 45px" }

![image](/assets/images/slimchat.png){: style="float: left; padding-right: 15px" width="60%"}

[**SlimChat**](https://github.com/simplerr/)
[![github](/assets/images/GitHub-Mark-18px.png)](https://github.com/simplerr/) \\
A minimalistic terminal based chat client and server. Contains common commands found in IRC clients. It was made to dig into networking programming a bit.
{: style="font-size: 15px; padding-bottom: 105px" }

![image](/assets/images/banzai.png){: style="float: left; padding-right: 15px" width="60%"}

[**Banzai**](https://github.com/simplerr/Banzai)
[![github](/assets/images/GitHub-Mark-18px.png)](https://github.com/simplerr/Banzai) \\
An online chess game where you can play against other opponents. Your account will track wins/losses and there's a lobby with available games listed to join.
{: style="font-size: 15px; padding-bottom: 105px" }

![image](/assets/images/autopatcher.png){: style="float: left; padding-right: 15px" width="60%"}

[**Auto Patcher**](https://github.com/simplerr/Generic-Launcher)
[![github](/assets/images/GitHub-Mark-18px.png)](https://github.com/simplerr/Generic-Launcher) \\
This application was made in order to solve the problem of getting new updates out to users automaticly.
The idea is it can be used by indie developers who don't have enough time to create their own launcher.
You simply upload new versions to a FTP server and the launcher will prompt the user for new updates if available.
Here's a quick [**YouTube**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K1HYM_qyeGg&ab_channel=AxelBlackert) demo.
{: style="font-size: 15px; padding-bottom: 25px" }

Commit message:

Add marching cubes demo to project page

_pages/projects.markdown, after:

---
layout: collection
title: Projects
permalink: /projects/
author_profile: true
---

![image](/assets/images/marching-cubes-4.png){: style="float: left; padding-right: 15px" width="60%"}

[**Marching Cubes Demo**](https://github.com/simplerr/Marching-Cubes-Demo)
[![github](/assets/images/GitHub-Mark-18px.png)](https://github.com/simplerr/Marching-Cubes-Demo) \\
This demo uses the marching cubes algorithm to generate a simple terrain which the user then can use a sculpting tool to modify.
The marching cubes algorithm is accelerated in a compute shader and the demo uses the Utopian Engine rendering framework.
{: style="font-size: 15px; padding-bottom: 25px" }

![image](/assets/images/graphicsdemo.png){: style="float: left; padding-right: 15px" width="60%"}

[**Graphics Demo**](https://github.com/simplerr/Graphics-Demo)
[![github](/assets/images/GitHub-Mark-18px.png)](https://github.com/simplerr/Graphics-Demo) \\
A small graphics demo showcasing my old DirectX 11 renderer. The scene contains a small terrain which you can modify the height
and texture of and you can also place objects on it. The rendering is simple but supports shadows and vertex skinning.
In the editor you can modify properties of lights/object. Here's a short [**YouTube**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OtyiMWQpZtg&ab_channel=AxelBlackert) demo.
{: style="font-size: 15px; padding-bottom: 25px" }

![image](/assets/images/theinvasion.png){: style="float: left; padding-right: 15px" width="60%"}

[**The Invasion**](https://github.com/simplerr/Project-Invasion)
[![github](/assets/images/GitHub-Mark-18px.png)](https://github.com/simplerr/Project-Invasion) \\
A single player FPS game where you face waves of enemies and the goal is to survice as many levels as possible.
The player has two spells he can use to improve the chances and must be cautious about not using too much ammunition.
The rendering is performed using DirectX 9.
{: style="font-size: 15px; padding-bottom: 25px" }

![image](/assets/images/ray_tracer_main.png){: style="float: left; padding-right: 15px" width="60%"}

[**GPU Raytracer**](https://github.com/simplerr/RayTracer)
[![github](/assets/images/GitHub-Mark-18px.png)](https://github.com/simplerr/RayTracer) \\
This was my project in the "TSBK07 Computer Graphics" course at Linköpings University. It is a GPU accelerated raytracer with reflections,
refractions and shadows implemented in a compute shader. It runs in real-time and you can move the spheres and lights in the scene around.
{: style="font-size: 15px; padding-bottom: 25px" }

![image](/assets/images/papagenophysics.png){: style="float: left; padding-right: 15px" width="60%"}

[**Papageno Physics**](https://github.com/simplerr/Papageno-Sandbox)
[![github](/assets/images/GitHub-Mark-18px.png)](https://github.com/simplerr/Papageno-Sandbox) \\
A small 2D physics sandbox where you can create and place boxes of different sizes and see how they interact.
From the start the goal was to create a game where the gameplay was based on physics but when realising physics was
hard the scope was reduced to only be a demo.
{: style="font-size: 15px; padding-bottom: 25px" }

![image](/assets/images/projectwarlock.png){: style="float: left; padding-right: 15px" width="60%"}

[**Project Warlock**](https://github.com/simplerr/Project-Warlock)
[![github](/assets/images/GitHub-Mark-18px.png)](https://github.com/simplerr/Project-Warlock) \\
This is an multiplayer game where you play in an arena with the goal to defeat the other players and remain the last man standing.
The arena shrinks by time and you can buy/upgrade spells to use against your opponents.
The game is using the same DirectX 11 renderar as the "Graphics Demo" project showcases.
{: style="font-size: 15px; padding-bottom: 25px" }

![image](/assets/images/simply2d.png){: style="float: left; padding-right: 15px" width="60%"}

[**Simply2D**](https://github.com/simplerr/Simply2D)
[![github](/assets/images/GitHub-Mark-18px.png)](https://github.com/simplerr/Simply2D) \\
This is the first game I made and it's a 2D platformer tuned to be hard and requiring precise movement in order to solve the levels.
The main feature is the editor where you can build your own custom maps by placing platforms, spikes, portals, enemies, doors etc. and modify their attributes.
Unfortunately creating levels was not as fun as making the editor so it only has 3 built in maps.
{: style="font-size: 14px; padding-bottom: 25px" }

![image](/assets/images/outofhairspray.png){: style="float: left; padding-right: 15px" width="60%"}

[**Out of Hairspray**](https://github.com/simplerr/)
[![github](/assets/images/GitHub-Mark-18px.png)](https://github.com/simplerr/) \\
You play as the famous Dr.B with the goal to collect as many girls as possible and not bumping into rivals. Use the hairspray that makes your hair look fluffy
to attract even more girls! This game was made as a joke to a friend and is the first and last game to feature my own art, as you might tell ;)
{: style="font-size: 15px; padding-bottom: 45px" }

![image](/assets/images/slimchat.png){: style="float: left; padding-right: 15px" width="60%"}

[**SlimChat**](https://github.com/simplerr/)
[![github](/assets/images/GitHub-Mark-18px.png)](https://github.com/simplerr/) \\
A minimalistic terminal based chat client and server. Contains common commands found in IRC clients. It was made to dig into networking programming a bit.
{: style="font-size: 15px; padding-bottom: 105px" }

![image](/assets/images/banzai.png){: style="float: left; padding-right: 15px" width="60%"}

[**Banzai**](https://github.com/simplerr/Banzai)
[![github](/assets/images/GitHub-Mark-18px.png)](https://github.com/simplerr/Banzai) \\
An online chess game where you can play against other opponents. Your account will track wins/losses and there's a lobby with available games listed to join.
{: style="font-size: 15px; padding-bottom: 105px" }

![image](/assets/images/autopatcher.png){: style="float: left; padding-right: 15px" width="60%"}

[**Auto Patcher**](https://github.com/simplerr/Generic-Launcher)
[![github](/assets/images/GitHub-Mark-18px.png)](https://github.com/simplerr/Generic-Launcher) \\
This application was made in order to solve the problem of getting new updates out to users automaticly.
The idea is it can be used by indie developers who don't have enough time to create their own launcher.
You simply upload new versions to a FTP server and the launcher will prompt the user for new updates if available.
Here's a quick [**YouTube**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K1HYM_qyeGg&ab_channel=AxelBlackert) demo.
{: style="font-size: 15px; padding-bottom: 25px" }
